oh honey thank god you're home I was
getting worried I picked up the divorce
papers I've already signed everything
and I put little X's where you need to
sign Oh little X's great that makes up
for everything you know you've done a
lot of stupid stuff too okay
Oh name one stupid thing that is as
stupid as this one okay how about you
flew to London to stop my wedding uh how
about you told me you loved me after I
was already married wait a minute that
was different I did those things because
I was in love with you
Yeah right you're right that's very
different so let's let's just sign the
papers
what nothing okay
can we just sign okay wait Ross wait a
minute um I kind of have a little
confession what uh well you know this
whole marriage thing kind of my idea
excuse me uh well remember how we were
too drunk to remember anything the night
we were married yeah
and you know I didn't really I didn't
want to say anything but it just kind of
kept coming back to me and um remember
we were in the casino and for some
reason you thought it would be funny to
eat a lot of grapes and and I thought it
would be funnier if we got married
as a compromise we decided first to get
married and then to eat grapes sorry I
got us into this whole thing so then if
I mean if you think about it this is all
your fault yeah don't push it though I
got to say I know a divorce a lot of
women never thought I'd be divorcing you
I know I thought if you and I got
married that would be the one that's
stuck and it wouldn't be a secret and we
wouldn't have our wedding dinner at
Pizza Hut did I even treat no it was on
the house it was it was a newlywed
special that may be the most depressing
thing I've heard in my life
I probably get these to my lawyer's
office
hey thanks Ross for taking care of all
this ah no problem
I'm gonna need a copy though totally